For me I'm really excited to be in a technical field because I kind of
see what's on the new horizon and I see things like you can chop off
your finger and have a new, a new, finger be replaced with bioengineering
or maybe a robotic one with prosthetic limbs personally I really
like the fact that maybe five years ten years from now we'll all
be in a virtual world we'll be able to put on some glasses or put
on some contacts or whatever form it takes and be living in a new computerized
world we'll be able to like make buildings and you know meet
people all within, you know, from your seat at home all based on
computer technology so I think it's really exciting.